--- Page 1 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #
S/N SMU requirements Requirement 
Category
1 Account and PasswordThe vendor shall provide detailed evidence that of Root or default 
Administrator accounts:
- default passwords have been changed
- the accounts are locked/disabled and shall not be used for day-to-
day operations
- access to the accounts (if absolutely necessary) shall be via privileged 
access management with proper approval process
2 Account and PasswordThe vendor shall provide detailed user access matrix for the 
service(s)/ system(s)
3 Account and PasswordThe vendor shall provide evidence on implementation of password 
complexity:
- At least 12 characters
- At least one numeric character (0 - 9)
- At least one lower case character (a - z)
- At least one upper case character (A - Z)
- At least one special character (~!@#$%^&*-+?) for systems that 
support special characters.
4 Account and PasswordThe vendor shall provide evidence on implementation of secrets 
management tool (e.g. AWS Secrets Manager, Azure Key Vault) to 
securely store and manage secrets (e.g. password, keys). Otherwise, 
these secrets must be minimally encrypted if stored on local 
configuration files.
5 Account and PasswordThe vendor shall provide evidence on implementation of the following 
password requirements:
- Change their initial passwords immediately upon the first successful 
login
- Minimal password age no less than three (3) days.
- Password expiry at most 180 day
- Disallow using at least last three (3) previous passwords
- Account locked after at most five (5) failed login attempts

--- Page 2 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #
6 Account and PasswordThe vendor shall provide evidence that all passwords are encrypted.
7 Account and PasswordThe vendor shall provide evidence that role-based access control 
(RBAC) is implemented for assigning permissions to users and based 
on the principle of least privilege.
8 Account and PasswordThe vendor shall provide evidence that services (e.g. application 
service, database) are run using least-privilege accounts, and shall not 
use privileged accounts (e.g. root, administrator).

--- Page 3 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #
9 Account and PasswordThe vendor shall provide evidence that the proposed solution 
support multifactor authentication (MFA) .
10Account and PasswordThe vendor shall provide evidence that the proposed solution work 
with Microsoft Azure Entra Single-Sign-On
11Account and PasswordThe vendor shall provide detailed evidence that of privileged access 
and administrative tasks on the cloud management console, 
system, DB, etc.:
- there is segregation of duty
- access rights are granted based on principle of least privilege, 
with proper approval process
- unique accounts are assigned to unique individuals
12Account and PasswordThe vendor shall provide evidence that cloud/system/DB access 
entitlement are immediately disabled or modified when an 
employee's status changes. (e.g. terminated, transfer, etc.)
13Account and PasswordThe vendor shall provide evidence that MFA is enabled for 
privileged accounts to access the cloud management console, 
system, DB, etc.

--- Page 4 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #
14Account and PasswordThe vendor shall provide evidence that vendor-managed accounts, 
including vendor's privileged accounts, are reviewed at least 
quarterly.
15Account and PasswordThe vendor shall provide their policy and processes that are related 
to ID/password management.
Please elaborate how they are applied as related to the service and 
its host architecture. 
16 API SecurityThe vendor shall provide documentation for APIs. (applicable if 
APIs are to be used by SMU)
17 API SecurityThe vendor shall provide evidence that API security best practices 
are followed (e.g. OWASP API Security Top 10). (applicable if APIs 
are to be used by SMU)
18 API SecurityThe vendor shall provide detailed evidence that they monitor and 
protect the use of the APIs, e.g. rate limiting, credential, call statistic, 
API gateway etc. (applicable if APIs are to be used by SMU)

--- Page 5 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #
19 Application SecurityThe vendor shall provide detailed evidence that the system 
components (e.g., web, application and data tiers) are hosted in a 
separate segments. 
The vendor shall provide details of:
- architecture diagram with and security controls in place
- application and interfaces flow diagram
- data flow diagram  
20 Application SecurityThe vendor shall provide evidence that all components, services, 
installation packages, reference libraries are taken from trusted or 
reputable sources.

--- Page 6 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #
21 Application SecurityThe vendor shall provide evidence that they design, develop, deploy, 
and test the proposed solution in accordance with leading security 
standards e.g., OWASP for web applications.
22 Application SecurityThe vendor shall provide evidence that they perform application 
security scanning using SAST/DAST for each new and major release.
23 Application SecurityThe vendor shall provide evidence on implementation of data 
validations on the proposed solution to prevent manual or systematic 
processing errors, data corruption, or misuse.

--- Page 7 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #
24 Application SecurityThe vendor shall provide evidence that web application firewall 
(WAF) is implemented.
25 Application SecurityThe vendor shall provide evidence that the system implements 
measure to differentiate between real users and automated users 
(e.g., bots), and block automated users. One example of this 
solution is CAPTCHA.
26 Asset ManagementThe vendor shall provide evidence that they don't use hardware, 
software, and service assets that are past end-of-service (EOS).
27 Asset ManagementThe vendor shall provide evidence that they maintain up-to-date 
asset inventory of all the hardware, software, and service assets 
used by the service(s)/ system(s) provided for SMU, which includes:
- Asset name
- Manufacturer/ publisher
- Version
- Business purpose
- Asset classification
- Approval/authorised date
- End-of-service date
- Location(s)

--- Page 8 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #
28 Audit Logs and SIEMThe vendor shall provide detailed evidence that the items below are 
captured in the audit logs:
- User access and activities
- Privileged access and activities
- Sensitive activities/ transactions
- Unauthorized access (privileged and non-privileged)
- System alerts and failures
- System or security configuration changes
29 Audit Logs and SIEMThe vendor shall provide evidence that system and application logs 
are kept for at least 30 days locally in the systems.
30 Audit Logs and SIEMThe vendor shall provide evidence that continuous security 
monitoring and response is in place for:
- anomalous activities (privileged and non-privileged)
- repeated failed logins
- account compromises
- data leaks
- malware detection
- other threats
31 Audit Logs and SIEMThe vendor shall provide the required audit logs upon SMU 
request within the agreed timeframe for  investigation. (SMU will 
provide the timeframe)
32 Audit Logs and SIEMThe vendor shall request SMU's approval for all request to access 
or disclose of audit logs. (applicable if SMU has dedicated instance 
and backup)
33 Audit Logs and SIEMThe vendor shall provide detailed evidence on implementation of 
SIEM with the following requirements:
- audit and security logs are stored in SIEM
- the logs are tamper proofed
- the logs are kept for at least 180 days
- the logs have dedicated storage
- the logs are secured via data-at-rest encryption
34Availability 
ManagementThe vendor shall provide support and contact details to:
- diagnose and resolve incidents and problems
- advise/ guide on queries
35Availability 
ManagementThe vendor shall conduct periodic service level review and 
improvement plan with SMU.

--- Page 9 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #
36Availability 
ManagementThe vendor shall provide evidence that they have continuous 
monitoring on the service(s)/ system(s), which includes the 
following requirements:
- use of monitoring tool that provides real time analysis and alerts
- regular review and fine-tuning of monitoring threshold 
37Availability 
ManagementThe vendor shall provide evidence that they have sufficient system 
resources and personnel to ensure the smooth operation of the 
service(s)/ system(s) according to SLA. 
38Availability 
ManagementThe vendor shall provide monthly system and service level reports 
to SMU.
39Availability 
ManagementThe vendor shall state their service level agreement (SLA) for the 
service(s)/ system(s) used by SMU.
40Backup, Restore and 
DRThe vendor shall provide detailed evidence that all data and system 
backups within SMU scope are managed and monitored, with the 
following schedules:
- transactional: at least daily
- differential: at least daily
- full: at least weekly
41Backup, Restore and 
DRThe vendor shall provide details on the disaster recovery plan 
where SMU will be involved/ connected in the recovery process.
42Backup, Restore and 
DRThe vendor shall provide evidence that at least one generation of 
full backup is stored in a secure off-site location.

--- Page 10 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #
43Backup, Restore and 
DRThe vendor shall provide evidence that backup and restoration 
procedures are tested before go-live for SMU and at least annually 
afterwards.
44Backup, Restore and 
DRThe vendor shall provide evidence that disaster recovery (DR) 
procedures are tested before go-live for SMU and at least annually 
afterwards.
45Backup, Restore and 
DRThe vendor shall provide evidence that full backup retention is at 
least twelve (12) weeks.
46Backup, Restore and 
DRThe vendor shall perform data restoration only upon approval by 
SMU. (applicable if SMU has dedicated instance and backup)
47Backup, Restore and 
DRThe vendor shall provide evidence that the system and data is 
recoverable within the agreed recovery time objective (RTO) and 
recovery point objective (RPO).
Note: SMU Project Manager to discuss the requirements with the 
business owner and share RTO and RPO with the SaaS vendor.
48Backup, Restore and 
DRThe vendor shall support SMU disaster recovery DR exercise 
annually. (applicable if the vendor offers customer-initiated DR 
exercise option)
49Change ManagementThe vendor shall communicate clearly with SMU on any changes 
(e.g. functional, administrative, service etc.) in advance and provide 
SLA for this notification.

--- Page 11 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #
50Change ManagementThe vendor shall provide detailed evidence on their change 
management policy/ process, which includes:
- impact assessment on availability and performance
- security risk assessment
- approval at the relevant stages
- testing/ verification before production deployment
- system and/or data backup before production deployment
- rollback plan
51Cyber Security 
ManagementThe vendor should provide evidence of service/ product certifications. 
(e.g. ISO 27001, ISO 27017, ISO 27018, SOC 1, SOC 2, SOC 3, PCI DSS 
etc.)
Statement of Applicability (SOA) - Vendor may be required to share 
more information on these certifications.
The Control Report for the SOC/SSAE 18 Certifications may be required 
as well.

--- Page 12 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #
52Cyber Security 
ManagementThe vendor shall provide evidence that annual security awareness 
program is in place for employees to make them aware of 
confidential information, the company's security policies and 
standards, and good security practices.
The security awareness programe should include the following:
- Protecting from phishing
- Setting strong passphrases and protecting them
- Protecting corporate and/or personal devices (used for work)
- Reporting cybersecurity incidents
- Handling and disclosing personal data and business-critical data 
securely
- Working onsite and remotely securely
53Cyber Security 
ManagementThe vendor shall provide evidence that their personnel is 
competent and capabable to run cybersecurity programs, 
governance, risk management and compliance.
54 Data SecurityThe vendor shall provide evidence on implementation of data-at-rest 
encryption for:
- Server/ device storage volume (e.g. AWS EBS, Azure Disk Storage, 
Bitlocker, dm-crypt)
- Files on server instances (e.g. PGP)
- Database, including database-as-a-Service (e.g., AWS RDS, Azure SQL)
- Object storage services (e.g. AWS S3, Azure Blob storage)
55 Data SecurityThe vendor shall provide evidence that data-in-motion encryption (e.g. 
HTTPS, SQL TLS), including server-to-server communications, is 
implemented. Please specify the encryption method/ algorithm.

--- Page 13 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #
56 Data SecurityThe vendor shall provide evidence that different client's data is 
properly segregated in storage and processing.
57 Data SecurityThe vendor shall provide evidence that production data is not 
replicated or used in non-production environments.
58 Data SecurityThe vendor shall provide detailed evidence that only authorised 
personnel (including outsourced and 3rd party contractors) has 
access to the system and data (including audit logs and backup 
copies):
- there is proper approval process
- access is granted based on principle of least privilege
- their actions are logged and monitored
- they sign non-disclosure agreement which includes disciplinary 
action(s) or legal consequences
59 Data SecurityThe vendor shall only collect data from users who have given their 
consent by accepting the terms of use & privacy statement.

--- Page 14 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #
60 Data SecurityThe vendor shall provide evidence that data and objects containing 
SMU data are assigned with classification based on data type, value, 
sensitivity, and criticality. Please provide data security procedures/ 
policy that apply to handling of such classifications.
61 Data SecurityThe vendor shall provide evidence that data leak prevention (DLP) 
solution is implemented for:
- the service(s)/ system(s) handling SMU data
- the vendor's personnel (including outsourced and 3rd party 
contractors) handling SMU data
62 Data SecurityThe vendor shall provide evidence that the system supports 
automated data retention.
63 Data SecurityThe vendor shall provide evidence that they have procedures/ 
policies on data security, that addresses data confidentiality, 
integrity, and availability across multiple system interfaces, 
jurisdictions, and business functions to prevent improper 
disclosure, alteration, or destruction.

--- Page 15 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #
64 Data SecurityThe vendor shall provide evidence that they maintain and review 
inventory of data (personal, sensitive and other types of data), 
which includes:
- Description
- Data classification and/or sensitivity
- Location(s) (including interim or transient set, backup, interfaces, 
etc.)
- Retention period
65 End of Service The vendor shall indicate if there is any additional fees for SMU data 
66 End of ServiceThe vendor shall provide evidence that SMU data had been 
securely disposed from all storage media, systems, and network at 
the end of service.
Example:
- Specifications from Cloud provider on their method of secure 
data sanitisation and destruction.
- Delete data using secure erase method and destroy the storage 
media during disposal.
67 End of Service The vendor shall provide SMU the appropriate tools or means of retr
68 End of Service The vendor shall provide sufficient time for SMU to fully retrieve SMU
69 Incident ResponseThe vendor shall ensure that SMU is notified of the below security 
incident / breach in accordance with the agreed timeline:-
Within two (2) hours of incident / breach discovery by phone for 
severity level 1:
- security attacks, breaches or unauthorised access to SMU system 
which has an adverse impact on SMU business operation
- loss of sensitive information
- loss of personal identifiable information (PII)
Within forty-eight (48) hours of incident / breach discovery for 
severity level 2:
- security attacks, breaches or unauthorised access to SMU system 
which has an adverse impact on SMU business operation
- loss of data that could have led to unauthorised access
70 Incident ResponseThe vendor shall provide detailed evidence on security incident 
response plan and provide details of the process where SMU will be 
involved/ connected. The incident response plan should cover:
- Clear roles and responsibilities of key personnel 
- Procedures to detect, analyze, contain, eradicate, and recover 
from the common cybersecurity threat scenarios, e.g., phishing, 
ransomware, data breach
- Communication plan and timeline to escalate and report the 
incident to internal and external stakeholders (such as regulators, 
customers, and senior management)
- Post-incident review and learning points to prevent reoccurrence 
similar incident

--- Page 16 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #
71 Incident ResponseThe vendor shall provide detailed incident reports to SMU
72 Incident ResponseThe vendor shall provide incident notification via an agreed 
medium of communication to the specified SMU personnel.
73 Incident ResponseThe vendor shall provide evidence that they have the required 
means to perform a security forensics investigation either internally 
or through a third party service provider.
74 Incident ResponseThe vendor shall support in SMU incident response exercise. 
(applicable if the vendor offers customer-initiated incident response 
exercise option)
75NDA, PDPA, and 
ContractThe vendor shall have back-to-back maintenance support with the 
hardware, software and/or system principal manufacturer.
76NDA, PDPA, and 
ContractThe vendor shall sign Non-disclosure Agreement (NDA) with SMU.
77NDA, PDPA, and 
ContractIf the system is hosted by third-party cloud service provider, the 
vendor shall use either AWS, Azure or GCP as cloud service provider.
78NDA, PDPA, and 
ContractIf the system will be used for performing credit card transactions, 
the vendor shall provide evidence that the system is PCI-DSS 
compliant.
79NDA, PDPA, and 
ContractThe vendor shall agree that SMU retain the full ownership of our con
80NDA, PDPA, and 
ContractThe vendor shall sign Personal Data Protection Agreement with SMU.

--- Page 17 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #
81 Network SecurityThe vendor shall provide detailed evidence on implementation of 
network segmentation and access control to separate:
- DMZ/ web, application and data tiers
- Production, staging and development environments
Please provide system/network architecture diagram.
82 Network SecurityThe vendor shall provide evidence that network firewall (perimeter 
and internal) is implemented for the service(s)/ system(s).
83 Network SecurityThe vendor shall provide evidence that Intrusion detection and 
prevention systems (IDPS) is implemented for the service(s)/ 
system(s).
84 Patch ManagementThe vendor shall provide detailed evidence on their patch 
management policy/ process, which includes: 
a) timeline according to priority:
b) testing/ verification before production deployment

--- Page 18 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #
85 Patch ManagementThe vendor shall provide evidence that patches are obtained from 
original manufacturer.
86 Patch ManagementThe vendor shall provide the bill of materials (BOM)
87 Patch ManagementThe vendor shall provide evidence on the implementation and 
review of patch tracking system, which includes:
- service/ server host
- software and patch level
- status of patch
- alerts
88 Perimeter SecurityThe vendor shall provide evidence that secure bastion/jump-host is 
implemented to access to production systems from the Internet and 
only from whitelisted IP addresses.
89 Perimeter SecurityThe vendor shall provide evidence that anti-DDoS solution is 
implemented for the service(s)/ system(s).
90 Site SecurityThe vendor shall provide evidence that the data centre hosting their 
services complies with the following:
ISO27001 - Physical and environmental security (A.11)
SOC1 and  SOC2 - Data centers controls (PE-1 to PE-8)
(applicable if the vendor operates own data centre)
91 Site SecurityThe vendor shall provide information on all data centre locations 
used by the service(s)/ system(s) (e.g. Singapore, Hong Kong etc)
92 System SecurityThe vendor shall provide detailed evidence on implementation of host 
protection software, which includes anti-malware, on the system, 
covering:
- central management of the agents
- real-time scan
- regular full scan
- automatic update of agent and signatures
- tracking of updates
- tracking of threat alerts

--- Page 19 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #
93 System SecurityThe vendor shall provide provide detailed evidence that file 
attachments uploaded by users are scanned and free from malware 
or malicious codes.
94 System SecurityThe vendor shall provide detailed evidence that system 
components (OS, DB, application, etcl) are hardened using 
guidelines/ benchmarks from credible organisations such NIST, 
SANS, CIS or equivalent.
95Vulnerability 
ManagementThe vendor shall meet the timeline requirement to remediate 
vulnerabilities according to severity:
- Critical: within 4 weeks or less
- High: within 12 weeks or less
- Medium/ Low: within 6 months or less

--- Page 20 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #
96Vulnerability 
ManagementThe vendor shall provide detailed evidence of vulnerability 
management policy/ process which includes remediation timeline 
according to severity.
97Vulnerability 
ManagementThe vendor shall provide evidence that they perform penetration 
testing before system go-live for SMU or product release, and 
annually afterwards.
The penetration testing shall cover all system components used by 
SMU (e.g., web applications, APIs, servers, appliances, devices) and 
be conducted by qualified pen-tester.
Please provide latest penetration testing report.
98Vulnerability 
ManagementThe vendor shall allow SMU to perform penetration testing on the 
service(s)/ system(s) used by SMU.
Please provide detailed requirements if prior approval from the 
vendor's management is required.
99Vulnerability 
ManagementThe vendor shall update SMU on the progress of the vulnerability 
remediation according to remediation timeline. (applicable if the 
vulnerability is reported by SMU or upon request by SMU)
100AI Model Training & 
TransparencyAre the data sources used for training documented and available 
for review?
101AI Model Training & 
TransparencyHas the model been instruction-tuned or aligned for safety and 
responsible use?
102AI Model Training & 
TransparencyIs a model card or documentation available (with limitations and 
intended use)?
103 AI Prompt InjectionAre there protections against prompt injection (e.g. input 
validation, escaping)?
104 AI Prompt InjectionAre indirect prompt injection risks (e.g. from document content) 
mitigated?
105 AI Prompt InjectionAre prompt injection regularly evaluated and tested (before and 
after deployment)?
106 AI Prompt InjectionHave red-team/adversarial prompt tests been performed?
107AI Data Privacy & 
Information LeakageAre mechanisms in place to prevent model inversion or data 
extraction attacks?
108AI Output Safety & 
Content ModerationAre outputs automatically or manually moderated for 
harmful/unsafe content?

--- Page 21 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #
109AI Output Safety & 
Content ModerationAre there filters to prevent disclosure of PII or confidential info in 
responses?
110AI Output Safety & 
Content ModerationAre users warned about possible inaccuracies or hallucinations in 
outputs?
111AI Output Safety & 
Content ModerationAre model outputs validated/sanitized before downstream use (e.g. 
no auto-exec)?
112AI Bias, Safety, and 
Automated TestingAre there measures in place to prevent or mitigate bias, toxicity, 
and ethical risks (e.g., via fine-tuning, guardrails, output filters)?
113AI Bias, Safety, and 
Automated TestingAre bias and toxicity regularly evaluated and tested (before and 
after deployment)?
114AI Bias, Safety, and 
Automated TestingIs there a process to handle or report problematic outputs?
115AI Bias, Safety, and 
Automated TestingAre users and stakeholders informed of model limitations and risks?
116AI Bias, Safety, and 
Automated TestingHas the model or system been independently evaluated or tested 
using automated AI testing tools or frameworks (e.g., AI Verify 
Project Moonshot, or other similar tools)?
117AI Data Usage for 
Training PurposesIs user interaction data used for further training or fine-tuning?
118AI Data Usage for 
Training PurposesIf data is used for training or fine-tuning, is there an opt-out or 
explicit consent mechanism?
119AI Data Usage for 
Training PurposesIs user data anonymized before any use for model improvement?

--- Page 22 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #
Vendor to respond
中文Comply (C)
Non-compliance (NC)
Not applicable (NA)
供应商应提供关于超级管理员（Root）或默认管
理员账户的详细证明，包括：
已修改默认密码；
上述账户已被锁定 / 禁用，且不得用于日常运营
工作；
如需访问上述账户（在确有必要的情况下），必
须通过特权访问管理工具，并遵循正规审批流程
。NA
供应商应提供所涉服务 / 系统的详细用户权限矩
阵表。C
供应商应提供密码复杂度规则的实施证明，规则
如下：
密码长度至少 12 个字符；
至少包含 1 个数字字符（0-9）；
至少包含 1 个小写字母（a-z）；
至少包含 1 个大写字母（A-Z）；
对于支持特殊字符的系统，至少包含 1 个特殊字
符（~!@#$%^&*-+?）。NC
供应商应提供密钥管理工具（如 AWS 密钥管理器
、Azure 密钥保管库）的实施证明，以安全存储和
管理密钥（如密码、密钥文件等）。若未使用此
类工具，当密钥存储在本地配置文件中时，必须
至少进行加密处理。C
供应商应提供以下密码管理要求的实施证明：
首次成功登录后，立即修改初始密码；
密码最短使用期限不少于 3 天；
密码最长有效期不超过 180 天；
禁止使用最近 3 次使用过的密码；
连续 5 次登录失败后，锁定账户。NC

--- Page 23 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #
供应商应提供所有密码已加密的证明。 C
供应商应提供基于角色的访问控制（RBAC）的实
施证明，该控制用于为用户分配权限，且需遵循
最小权限原则。C
供应商应提供服务（如应用服务、数据库）使用
最小权限账户运行的证明，不得使用特权账户
（如超级管理员、管理员账户）。C

--- Page 24 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #
供应商应提供拟议解决方案支持多因素认证
（MFA）的证明。C
供应商应提供拟议解决方案可与微软 Azure Entra 
单点登录集成的证明。NA
供应商应提供关于云管理控制台、系统、数据库
等的特权访问及管理任务的详细证明，包括：
实现职责分离；
基于最小权限原则授予访问权限，并遵循正规审
批流程；
为每位独立人员分配唯一账户。C
供应商应提供当员工状态发生变化（如离职、调
岗等）时，云 / 系统 / 数据库访问权限被立即禁
用或修改的证明。C
供应商应提供特权账户访问云管理控制台、系统
、数据库等时已启用多因素认证（MFA）的证明
。C

--- Page 25 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #
供应商应提供供应商管理账户（包括供应商特权
账户）至少每季度审查一次的证明。C
供应商应提供其与身份 / 密码管理相关的政策和
流程，并详细说明这些政策和流程如何应用于本
服务及其主机架构。C
供应商应提供应用程序编程接口（API）的相关文
档。（仅当新加坡管理大学需使用 API 时适用）NA
供应商应证明其遵循了 API 安全最佳实践（如 
OWASP API 安全十大风险防护措施）。（仅当新
加坡管理大学需使用 API 时适用）NA
供应商应提供详细证明，表明其对 API 的使用进
行监控和保护，例如速率限制、凭证验证、调用
统计、API 网关等措施。（仅当新加坡管理大学需
使用 API 时适用）NA

--- Page 26 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #
供应商应提供详细证明，表明系统组件（如 Web 
层、应用层和数据层）部署在独立的网段中，并
需提供以下详细资料：
包含现有安全控制措施的架构图；
应用及接口流程图；
数据流程图。C
供应商应提供证明，所有组件、服务、安装包及
引用库均来自可信或权威来源。C

--- Page 27 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #
供应商应提供证明，其拟议解决方案的设计、开
发、部署和测试均符合主流安全标准，例如针对 
Web 应用的 OWASP（开放 Web 应用程序安全项
目）标准。C
供应商应提供证明，针对每个新版本及重大版本
更新，均使用静态应用安全测试（SAST）/ 动态应
用安全测试（DAST）工具进行应用安全扫描。C
供应商应提供证明，拟议解决方案已实施数据验
证措施，以防止手动或系统性的处理错误、数据
损坏或滥用。C

--- Page 28 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #
供应商应提供证明，已部署 Web 应用防火墙
（WAF）。C
供应商应提供证明，系统已实施相关措施以区分
真实用户与自动化用户（如机器人程序），并拦
截自动化用户。验证码（CAPTCHA）即为该类解
决方案的一种示例。C
供应商应提供证明，未使用已过服务终止期
（EOS）的硬件、软件及服务资产。C
供应商应提供证明，其对为新加坡管理大学
（SMU）提供的服务 / 系统所使用的所有硬件、
软件及服务资产，均维护着最新的资产清单，清
单应包含以下内容：
资产名称
制造商 / 发行商
版本
业务用途
资产分类
审批 / 授权日期
服务终止日期
存放位置C

--- Page 29 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #
供应商应提供详细证明，审计日志中已记录以下
内容：
用户访问及活动
特权访问及活动
敏感活动 / 交易
未授权访问（特权账户及非特权账户）
系统告警及故障
系统或安全配置变更C
供应商应提供证明，系统和应用日志已在本地系
统中保留至少 30 天。 C
供应商应提供证明，已针对以下内容建立持续安
全监控与响应机制：
异常活动（特权账户及非特权账户）
重复登录失败
账户泄露
数据泄露
恶意软件检测
其他威胁C
供应商应在新加坡管理大学（SMU）提出请求
后，于双方约定时限内提供所需审计日志，配合
调查工作。（具体时限由新加坡管理大学确定）C
所有访问或披露审计日志的请求，供应商均需事
先获得新加坡管理大学的批准。（仅当新加坡管
理大学拥有专用实例及备份时适用）C
供应商应提供详细证明，已实施安全信息和事件
管理系统（SIEM），且满足以下要求：
审计日志与安全日志存储于 SIEM 系统中；
日志具备防篡改能力；
日志保留期限至少为 180 天；
日志拥有专用存储资源；
通过静态数据加密保障日志安全。C
供应商应提供以下支持服务及联系方式：
诊断并解决事件与问题；
为咨询提供建议与指导。C
供应商应与新加坡管理大学定期开展服务级别评
审，并共同制定改进计划。C

--- Page 30 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #
供应商应提供证明，已对服务 / 系统实施持续监
控，且满足以下要求：
使用具备实时分析与告警功能的监控工具；
定期评审并优化监控阈值。C
供应商应提供证明，其具备充足的系统资源及人
员配置，确保服务 / 系统按照服务级别协议
（SLA）平稳运行。C
供应商应每月向新加坡管理大学提交系统及服务
级别报告。NA
供应商应明确说明其为新加坡管理大学所用服务 / 
系统制定的服务级别协议（SLA）。C
供应商应提供详细证明，新加坡管理大学范围内
的所有数据及系统备份均已纳入管理与监控，并
遵循以下备份计划：
事务备份：至少每日一次；
差异备份：至少每日一次；
完全备份：至少每周一次。C
供应商应提供灾难恢复计划的详细内容，明确新
加坡管理大学在恢复过程中的参与环节及协作方
式。NA
供应商应提供证明，至少有一代完全备份存储于
安全的异地位置。C

--- Page 31 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #
供应商应提供证明，在服务上线前已对备份与恢
复流程进行测试，且后续每年至少测试一次。C
供应商应提供证明，在服务上线前已对灾难恢复
（DR）流程进行测试，且后续每年至少测试一次
。C
供应商应提供证明，完全备份的保留期限至少为 
12 周。C
供应商仅可在获得新加坡管理大学（SMU）批准
后，执行数据恢复操作。（仅当新加坡管理大学
拥有专用实例及备份时适用）C
供应商应提供证明，系统和数据可在约定的恢复
时间目标（RTO）和恢复点目标（RPO）内完成恢
复。
注：新加坡管理大学项目经理需与业务负责人讨
论相关要求，并将 RTO 和 RPO 告知 SaaS 供应商
。C
供应商应每年支持新加坡管理大学开展灾难恢复
（DR）演练。（仅当供应商提供客户发起的灾难
恢复演练选项时适用）C
供应商应就任何变更（如功能、管理、服务等方
面）提前与新加坡管理大学进行清晰沟通，并为
此类通知制定服务级别协议（SLA）。NA

--- Page 32 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #
供应商应提供详细证明，说明其变更管理政策 / 
流程，该政策 / 流程需包含以下内容：
对可用性和性能的影响评估；
安全风险评估；
相关阶段的审批流程；
生产环境部署前的测试 / 验证；
生产环境部署前的系统和 / 或数据备份；
回滚计划C
供应商应提供服务 / 产品相关认证的证明（如 ISO 
27001、ISO 27017、ISO 27018、SOC 1、SOC 2
、SOC 3、PCI DSS 等）。
适用性声明（SOA）：供应商可能被要求提供有
关这些认证的更多信息。
可能还需提供 SOC/SSAE 18 认证的控制报告。C

--- Page 33 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #
供应商应提供证明，已为员工制定年度安全意识
培训计划，使其了解机密信息、公司安全政策与
标准以及良好的安全实践。
安全意识培训计划应包含以下内容：
防范钓鱼攻击；
设置并保护强密码短语；
保护公司及 / 或个人办公设备；
报告网络安全事件；
安全处理和披露个人数据及业务关键数据；
安全处理现场及远程办公场景。C
供应商应提供证明，其人员具备执行网络安全项
目、治理、风险管理及合规工作的能力。C
供应商应提供证明，已对以下内容实施静态数据
加密：
服务器 / 设备存储卷（如 AWS 弹性块存储、
Azure 磁盘存储、BitLocker、dm-crypt）；
服务器实例上的文件（如 PGP 加密）；
数据库，包括数据库即服务（如 AWS 关系型数据
库服务、Azure SQL 数据库）；
对象存储服务（如 AWS 简单存储服务、Azure 
Blob 存储）。C
供应商应提供证明，已实施动态数据加密（如 
HTTPS、SQL TLS），包括服务器间通信的加密，
并请明确说明加密方法 / 算法。C

--- Page 34 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #
供应商应提供证明，不同客户的数据在存储和处
理过程中已得到妥善隔离。C
供应商应提供证明，生产环境数据未被复制或用
于非生产环境。C
供应商应提供详细证明，只有授权人员（包括外
包人员和第三方承包商）可访问系统和数据（包
括审计日志和备份副本），且需满足以下要求：
具备正规审批流程；
基于最小权限原则授予访问权限；
其操作被记录并监控；
签署包含纪律处分或法律后果的保密协议。C
供应商仅可从已接受使用条款和隐私声明并给出
同意的用户处收集数据。C

--- Page 35 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #
供应商应提供证明，已根据数据类型、价值、敏
感度和关键性，为包含新加坡管理大学数据的数
据及对象分配分类，并请提供适用于此类分类数
据处理的安全流程 / 政策。C
供应商应提供证明，已为以下对象实施数据泄露
防护（DLP）解决方案：
处理新加坡管理大学数据的服务 / 系统；
处理新加坡管理大学数据的供应商人员（包括外
包人员和第三方承包商）。NA
供应商应提供证明，系统支持自动数据保留功能
。C
供应商应提供证明，已制定数据安全相关流程 / 
政策，涵盖多系统接口、司法管辖区和业务职能
下的数据机密性、完整性和可用性，以防止数据
被不当披露、篡改或销毁。C

--- Page 36 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #
供应商应提供证明，已维护并定期审查数据清单
（个人数据、敏感数据及其他类型数据），清单
需包含以下内容：
数据描述；
数据分类和 / 或敏感度；
存储位置（包括临时存储、备份、接口等）；
保留期限。C
供应商需说明服务终止后，新加坡管理大学检索
数据是否产生额外费用。NA
供应商应提供证明，服务终止时，所有存储介质
、系统和网络中的新加坡管理大学数据已被安全
处置。
示例：
云服务商提供的安全数据清理和销毁方法说明；
使用安全擦除方法删除数据，并在处置过程中销
毁存储介质。C
服务终止时，供应商应向新加坡管理大学提供检
索其数据的适当工具或方式。NA
服务终止后，供应商应给予新加坡管理大学充足
时间，以完成其数据的全部检索工作。C
供应商应确保按照约定的时间线，向新加坡管理
大学通报以下安全事件 / 数据泄露：
对于一级严重事件，需在发现事件 / 泄露后 2 小
时内通过电话通知：
对新加坡管理大学业务运营产生不利影响的安全
攻击、数据泄露或未授权访问；
敏感信息丢失；
个人身份信息（PII）丢失。
对于二级严重事件，需在发现事件 / 泄露后 48 小
时内通知：
对新加坡管理大学业务运营产生不利影响的安全
攻击、数据泄露或未授权访问；
可能导致未授权访问的数据丢失。C
供应商应提供详细证明，说明其安全事件响应计
划，并明确新加坡管理大学在该流程中的参与环
节及协作方式。事件响应计划应涵盖以下内容：
关键人员的明确角色和职责；
检测、分析、遏制、根除常见网络安全威胁（如
钓鱼攻击、勒索软件、数据泄露）并从中恢复的
流程；
向内部和外部利益相关者（如监管机构、客户、
高级管理层）上报和升级事件的沟通计划及时间
线；
事后审查及经验总结，以防止类似事件再次发生
。C

--- Page 37 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #
供应商应向新加坡管理大学提供详细的事件报告
。C
供应商应通过约定的沟通渠道，向指定的新加坡
管理大学人员发送事件通知。C
供应商应提供证明，具备通过内部团队或第三方
服务提供商开展安全取证调查的必要能力。C
供应商应支持新加坡管理大学开展事件响应演练
。（仅当供应商提供客户发起的事件响应演练选
项时适用）C
供应商应与硬件、软件和 / 或系统原厂签订背靠
背维护支持协议。NA
供应商应与新加坡管理大学签署保密协议
（NDA）。C
若系统由第三方云服务商托管，供应商应使用 
AWS、Azure 或 GCP 作为云服务提供商。C
若系统将用于处理信用卡交易，供应商应提供证
明，该系统符合 PCI DSS 标准。NA
供应商应认可新加坡管理大学对托管在其环境中
的内容和数据拥有完全所有权。C
供应商应与新加坡管理大学签署个人数据保护协
议。C

--- Page 38 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #
供应商应提供详细证明，已实施网络分段和访问
控制，以隔离以下环境 / 层级：
非军事区（DMZ）/Web 层、应用层和数据层；
生产环境、预发布环境和开发环境。
请提供系统 / 网络架构图。C
供应商应提供证明，已为服务 / 系统部署网络防
火墙（边界防火墙和内部防火墙）。C
供应商应提供证明，已为服务 / 系统部署入侵检
测与防御系统（IDPS）。C
供应商应提供详细证明，说明其补丁管理政策 / 
流程，该政策 / 流程需包含以下内容：
按优先级划分的补丁部署时间线；
生产环境部署前的测试 / 验证。C

--- Page 39 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #
供应商应提供证明，补丁均来自原厂。 C
供应商应提供材料清单（BOM）。 NA
供应商应提供证明，已实施并定期审查补丁跟踪
系统，该系统需包含以下内容：
服务 / 服务器主机；
软件及补丁级别；
补丁状态；
告警信息。NA
供应商应提供证明，已部署安全堡垒机 / 跳板
机，用于从互联网访问生产系统，且仅允许来自
白名单 IP 地址的访问。C
供应商应提供证明，已为服务 / 系统部署抗 DDoS
（分布式拒绝服务攻击）解决方案。NA
供应商应提供证明，其服务所在的数据中心符合
以下标准要求：
ISO 27001 标准中的物理与环境安全条款
（A.11）；
SOC 1 和 SOC 2 标准中的数据中心控制要求（PE-
1 至 PE-8）。
（仅当供应商自行运营数据中心时适用）C
供应商应提供服务 / 系统所使用的所有数据中心
位置信息（如新加坡、中国香港等）。C
供应商应提供详细证明，已在系统上部署主机防
护软件（包括反恶意软件），且满足以下要求：
对防护代理进行集中管理；
支持实时扫描；
定期执行全面扫描；
自动更新代理程序和病毒特征库；
跟踪更新情况；
跟踪威胁告警信息。C

--- Page 40 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #
供应商应提供详细证明，用户上传的文件附件均
经过扫描，确保不含恶意软件或恶意代码。C
供应商应提供详细证明，已依据可信组织（如美
国国家标准与技术研究院 NIST、系统网络安全协
会 SANS、互联网安全中心 CIS 或同等机构）的指
南 / 基准，对系统组件（操作系统、数据库、应
用程序等）进行安全加固。C
供应商应按照以下严重级别要求的时间线修复漏
洞：
严重漏洞：4 周及以内；
高危漏洞：12 周及以内；
中危 / 低危漏洞：6 个月及以内。C

--- Page 41 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #
供应商应提供详细证明，说明其漏洞管理政策 / 
流程，其中需包含按严重级别划分的漏洞修复时
间线。C
供应商应提供证明，在为新加坡管理大学
（SMU）部署系统或发布产品前已执行渗透测
试，且后续每年至少执行一次。
渗透测试需覆盖新加坡管理大学使用的所有系统
组件（如 Web 应用、API、服务器、设备等），
并由合格的渗透测试人员执行。
请提供最新的渗透测试报告。C
供应商应允许新加坡管理大学对其使用的服务 / 
系统执行渗透测试。
若需获得供应商管理层的事先批准，请提供详细
要求。NA
供应商应按照漏洞修复时间线，向新加坡管理大
学同步漏洞修复进展。（仅当漏洞由新加坡管理
大学报告或应其要求时适用）C
用于模型训练的数据源是否已形成文档，可供审
查？NA
模型是否经过指令微调或对齐优化，以确保安全
和负责任的使用？NA
是否提供模型卡片或相关文档（包含模型局限性
和预期用途）？NA
是否设有防范提示注入的措施（如输入验证、转
义处理）？NA
是否已缓解间接提示注入风险（如来自文档内容
的风险）？NA
是否在模型部署前后定期评估和测试提示注入风
险？NA
是否执行过红队测试 / 对抗性提示测试？ NA
是否设有防范模型逆向或数据提取攻击的机制？ NA
是否对模型输出的有害 / 不安全内容进行自动或
人工审核？NA

--- Page 42 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #
是否设有过滤器，防止在响应中泄露个人身份信
息（PII）或机密信息？NA
是否已向用户提示模型输出可能存在的不准确或
幻觉问题？NA
模型输出在下游使用前是否经过验证 / 清理（如
禁止自动执行）？NA
是否设有预防或缓解偏见、有害内容及伦理风险
的措施（如通过微调、防护规则、输出过滤器
等）？NA
是否在模型部署前后定期评估和测试偏见及有害
内容问题？NA
是否建立处理或上报问题输出的流程？ NA
是否已向用户及利益相关者告知模型的局限性和
风险？NA
是否使用自动化 AI 测试工具或框架（如 AI Verify
、Project Moonshot 或其他类似工具）对模型或
系统进行过独立评估或测试？NA
用户交互数据是否用于进一步的模型训练或微
调？NA
若将数据用于训练或微调，是否提供退出机制或
明确的同意授权机制？NA
用户数据在用于模型改进前是否经过匿名化处
理？NA

--- Page 43 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #
Vendor to respond IITS and business unit joint review
Please elaborate on your responseMet SMU 
expectation? 
(Yes / No)
There is only one Admin role within an organization. When a 
user registers the organization for the first time, a password will 
be sent to the applicant via email. The password is a randomly 
generated 10-character combination of numbers, uppercase 
and lowercase letters. Whether the administrator needs to 
change the password is a personal choice, and the platform 
has no mandatory requirements in this regard.
The platform does not monitor individual accounts, and 
therefore will not lock or disable any account.
The system presets three default roles and custom roles。
1. Admin: Only 1 Administrator (highest-level administrator) is 
allowed per organization. It has full access to all functions, 
devices, and maximum system permissions.
2. Sub-admin: Equivalent to Admin, except cannot delete the 
organization.
3. Viewer: Only has view access to all pages; no management 
actions (e.g., cannot send commands or upload resources).
4. Custom Roles: Set page permission and functional 
permission by admin
Sensitive configurations (such as administrator account and 
password, unlock password) are encrypted and stored locally 
on the client side to ensure the security of the key.
The system only allows up to 10 consecutive failed login 
attempts, after which the account will be locked. To resume 
using the account, email verification is required.

--- Page 44 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #

--- Page 45 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #
Single sign-on is not supported.
The domain accounts of departed employees will be 
immediately removed, and they will no longer have access to 
all internal R&D systems.

--- Page 46 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #
The platform is logged in via email account. Only members of 
the Pivot Plus organization management are authorized to 
access the platform; passwords can be changed by users 
themselves.
The platform does not support APIs.
The platform does not support APIs.
The platform does not support APIs.

--- Page 47 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #

--- Page 48 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #

--- Page 49 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #
商务侧，合同
商务侧

--- Page 50 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #
The company has established a SIEM system for unified log 
integration. Logs are stored separately and can only be 
accessed by administrators. All operations are logged, and log 
modification is strictly prohibited. Logs are retained for more 
than 180 days and stored independently.
A global after-sales service center is available via the Gcsm 
System, which provides users with integrated support 
assistance.https://gcsm.cvte.com
This initiative is launched by the university, and we will 
cooperate in its implementation.

--- Page 51 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #
The operation and maintenance team, infrastructure service 
team, and business R&D team have clear division of 
responsibilities.

--- Page 52 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #

--- Page 53 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #
The "CVTE-ISMS-033 Change Control Procedure Version 1.0" 
has been established.

--- Page 54 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #

--- Page 55 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #
https://pivot-plus.maxhub.com/#/agreement/policy

--- Page 56 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #
We will not use organizational data.
《CVTE-ISMS-011 Information Asset and Classification Control 
Procedure Version 1.1
》、《CVTE-ISMS-039 Personal Information Protection 
Control Procedure Version 1.0
》

--- Page 57 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #
Upon service termination, all data will be sealed immediately. 
Additional fees may be incurred if data retrieval is required.
https://pivot-plus.maxhub.com/#/agreement/policy
When the service is terminated, data will go through a process 
of logical deletion followed by physical deletion.
Prior to service expiration, a reminder will be sent via the 
platform to notify the user of the upcoming expiration.
Disclosure and handling can be carried out as required, and 
this clause may be included in the contract.
《CVTE-ISMS-040 Information Security Incident Reporting and 
Handling Process Version 2.0
》

--- Page 58 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #
In the event of a security incident, our company will handle and 
analyze it in accordance with the "CVTE-ISMS-040 
Information Security Incident Reporting and Handling 
Process Version 2.0", and prepare an incident report to be 
sent to Singapore Management University.
A dedicated Cybersecurity Department has been established 
within the company to handle, follow up on, and analyze 
internal security incidents, as well as conduct forensic 
investigations into such incidents.
We will jointly formulate an emergency response plan with 
Singapore Management University and assist in conducting 
drills.
商务侧
If necessary, the legal team may be involved to assist with the 
signing process.
Azure cloud services are utilized.
The service is not used for credit card transactions.
Approval has been obtained.
Users must agree to the Privacy Policy before accessing the 
platform services.

--- Page 59 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #

--- Page 60 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #
The software does not contain such content. 
The software does not contain such content. 
Reference Azure's SOC 2 Report：Azure + Dynamics 365 + 
Online Services - Public & Government SOC 2 Type II Report 
(10-01-2024 to 09-30-2025)
https://www.kdocs.cn/l/clzSJVUJKGNE
Singapore

--- Page 61 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #
Meeting the remediation requirements can be included in the 
contract.

--- Page 62 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #
Yes, it is conducted once a year. The latest one was on 
December 11, 2025.
Report：https://cvte.kdocs.cn/l/cqwZ1f4DBNOv
The organization's real data will not be used for model 
training.

--- Page 63 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #
AI testing tools have not been used.
We will not collect user interaction data.
We will not collect user interaction data.
We will not collect user interaction data.

--- Page 64 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #
IITS and business unit joint review
If gap exist, please comment.If partial gap exist, please 
rate the risk.
(Low / Medium/ High)

--- Page 65 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #

--- Page 66 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #

--- Page 67 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #

--- Page 68 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #

--- Page 69 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #

--- Page 70 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #

--- Page 71 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #

--- Page 72 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #

--- Page 73 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #

--- Page 74 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #

--- Page 75 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #

--- Page 76 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #

--- Page 77 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #

--- Page 78 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #

--- Page 79 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #

--- Page 80 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #

--- Page 81 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #

--- Page 82 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #

--- Page 83 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #

--- Page 84 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #

--- Page 85 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #

--- Page 86 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #

--- Page 87 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #

--- Page 88 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #

--- Page 89 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #

--- Page 90 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #

--- Page 91 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #

--- Page 92 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #

--- Page 93 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #

--- Page 94 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #

--- Page 95 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #

--- Page 96 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #

--- Page 97 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #

--- Page 98 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #

--- Page 99 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #

--- Page 100 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #

--- Page 101 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #

--- Page 102 ---
SMU Classification: Restricted #